[IMP] Quality: Pass - Fail check Shop Floor (#6781)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/quality/quality_check_types/pass_fail_check.rst

Pass - Fail quality check
=========================

> .. |MO| replace:: :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)`

Reviewer: Also, I'll just make a comment here since I feel like I'm not really trying on my reviews if I leave too few comments :sweat_smile: 

This comment is an extreme nitpick, so feel free to ignore! While skimming your doc, I noticed that you didn't use any admonition blocks. I'm a sucker for colors so I wanted to suggest an opportunity to use one on lines 102 - 104, where it says

> For a complete guide on how to fill out quality
alert forms, view the documentation on :ref:`quality alerts
<quality/quality_management/quality-alerts>`.

What do you think about using a seealso admonition block instead (also using the doc tag with a relative tag to link to internal documentation):

```
.. seealso::
   :doc:`Complete guide on quality alerts <../quality_management/quality_alerts>`
```

Reviewer 2: I second this— the blocks are useful for readers in a lot of ways and colors are nice!

specified, a *Pass - Fail* quality check is created for that specific work order, rather than the
manufacturing order as a whole.

> *Pass - Fail* quality checks configured for work orders must be completed from the *Shop Floor*

Reviewer: If you happen to review this PR before seeing my comments in the [instructions quality check PR](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/6779#discussion_r1436558331), here's a recap:

- we use italics when defining concepts or Odoo terms for the very first time. 
- However, the times after, we probably don't need to capitalize pass-fail anymore. However, each app and term is different, so if you strongly disagree with that, feel free to let me know :smile:

> *Pass - Fail* quality checks configured for work orders must be completed from the *Shop Floor*
> module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Pass - Fail* quality
> check is required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Pass - Fail* quality checks configured for work orders **must** be completed from the *Shop Floor*
module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Pass - Fail* quality
check is required.
```

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order
(square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to
open the *Shop Floor* module.

When accessed from a specific work order, the *Shop Floor* module opens to the page for the work

> center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card so that no
> other cards are shown.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card, so no
other cards are shown.
```

Begin processing the work order's steps until the *Pass - Fail* quality check step is reached. Click
on the step to open a pop-up window that details the criteria for whether the check passes or fails.
Click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the bottom of the pop-up window if the check passes, or the
:guilabel:`Fail` button if it fails.

> If the :guilabel:`Pass` button is clicked, the pop-up window moves on to the next step for the work
> order. If the :guilabel:`Fail` button is clicked, a :guilabel:`Quality Check Failed` pop-up window
> appears, detailing what should be done next.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Pass` button is clicked, the pop-up window moves to the next step for the work
order. If the :guilabel:`Fail` button is clicked, a :guilabel:`Quality Check Failed` pop-up window
appears, detailing what should be done next.
```

specified, a *Pass - Fail* quality check is created for that specific work order, rather than the
manufacturing order as a whole.

*Pass - Fail* quality checks configured for work orders **must** be completed from the *Shop Floor*
module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Pass - Fail* quality
check is required.

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order

> (square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the

Reviewer 2: [reference](https://fontawesome.com/v5/icons/external-link?f=classic&s=solid)
```suggestion
(external link icon)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
```

resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to
open the *Shop Floor* module.

When accessed from a specific work order, the *Shop Floor* module opens to the page for the work
center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card so that no
other cards are shown.

Begin processing the work order's steps until the *Pass - Fail* quality check step is reached. Click
on the step to open a pop-up window that details the criteria for whether the check passes or fails.
Click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the bottom of the pop-up window if the check passes, or the
:guilabel:`Fail` button if it fails.

If the :guilabel:`Pass` button is clicked, the pop-up window moves to the next step for the work
order. If the :guilabel:`Fail` button is clicked, a :guilabel:`Quality Check Failed` pop-up window
appears, detailing what should be done next.

.. image:: pass_fail_check/pass-fail-check-shop-floor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Pass - Fail check as it appears in the Shop Floor module.

> Alternatively, instead of clicking on the step to open the pop-up window, a *Pass - Fail* quality

Reviewer 2: would surround this in a **tip** since it's supplemental content
